you
hello everybody piff here in today's
video we'll be talking about the status
of the high life DLC so if you guys
enjoyed this if you can support it by
dropping a like if we could try to aim
for somewhere over 400 likes and if you
are new if you want to make sure to
subscribe so you give my videos right
away let's get into this so a lot of
people are wondering where is the high
life DLC shouldn't there be some type of
update because a lot of people got it in
their head that it's going to be coming
out on for 20 some people made the
connection you know hi and for 20 they
think that that could be a possible day
and that you know that does make some
sense but it just doesn't look probable
I don't think Rockstar really cares
about 420 at all and I think it has
anything to do with that and some other
things point towards that you know rock
star is a creature of their habits they
do a lot of different things like
normally the big deal sees come out on
like tuesday or thursday this would come
out on easter on a sunday i don't think
they're going to switch it up for you
know the holiday and things like that
also we haven't got any type of update
usually before a big deal scene comes
out they would put out some type of
update you know what got the main one
that talked about everything but then
there'd be a separate update that would
tell us and you know it's like the hype
it up before it comes out well when this
video comes out this is probably going
to come out either late Tuesday or
Wednesday and that would mean that we
only have four to three days before 420
before Easter and we have nothing so it
doesn't look probable at all also I
found something where they did a update
about the capture weekend and all that
stuff and they said for those asking
about other spring updates will have
more info on the high life update and
high scumming soon stay tuned now they
just said coming soon if you guys
remember and that big update when the
capture creator was coming the next week
they said we'll tell you about it next
week coming soon for them usually means
it's going to be longer than a week if
they were going to tell us something
about the high life DLC which would have
been this week when this came out they
would have said next week you know so
that's another thing that they do and
I've caught on too so it doesn't look
very probable I know a lot of people
getting her hopes up I'm one of them as
well like I hope I'm wrong
I wanted to come as soon as possible
don't get me wrong I want something to
make content for you guys there's not
really much to do right now so I would
love for it to come on Easter but it's
just not looking like it's going to
happen we have no update it doesn't
really make sense I think at the very
least we might get some type of themed
deal see like i said before for easter
like we did on Christmas that's very a
possibility that would be something that
they could give us an update about like
on like thursday or friday before the
weekend to get us hyped up for it that's
what they did for christmas as well if
you guys remember they didn't really
confirm it there was rumors of it
youtubers were doing videos about like a
week before and then it wasn't confirmed
by Rockstar until almost like two or
three days before they put out like a
little thing like yeah it's going to be
coming on Christmas just to let people
know so the way it's looking like right
now that could be the best possibilities
we might get something for Easter but it
definitely doesn't look like we're going
to get it this weekend I just want to
give you guys a little bit of a status
update you know they can always come out
with something like on thursday or
friday about it and just like you I
could be totally wrong and I hope I am
but I'm just looking at what they do i'm
actually looking at the patterns and
things that they do and it just doesn't
look like it so i stood let you guys
know possible dates you know can always
come next week it could always come on
the 29 that's always a possibility but
what I said is I felt like me I guess it
depends on if they do something for
Easter I don't know they might like hold
off a little bit they might think that
that could hold us off until you know a
couple weeks for the high life DLC I
don't know we'll have to wait and see I
just want to let you guys know because I
know a lot of people getting their hopes
up they think it's coming on for 20 and
it's looking very bleak right now so
hopefully you guys did enjoy this video
if you did if you could support it by
dropping a like and if you are new if
you want to make sure to subscribe so
you give my videos right away I will
also have some links down in the
description to my Google+ in my Twitter
if you're new if you want to go over
there plus 1 me on google follow me on
twitter thank you guys for watching and
some more videos coming soon